---
layout: post
title: "Movies 2025"
date: 2026-03-19 19:25:00 +0100
categories: [general]
tags: [Blog]
---

# Movies 2025 
I realized that I saw very few movies last year, and that's something that I am to solve for 2026. Before that, I want to remember what I liked the most from the previous year. So let's see. 

### Pictures of Ghosts [2023]
A difficult one to describe. An extended history about the cinema trajectory of the director of the movie. It went from home made scenes and takes of the house next door, to an end with a very reflexive dialog and clean visual effects. What did I get from the movie? Inspiration. It was nice so see the progress and experiments of a person who has dedicated his life to movies. It was also interesting to get some knowledge about brazilian movies.

### Saltburn[2023]
Obsession and relentless ambition. The main character outsmarted and used every single person in his surroundings to get what he wanted, money and power. I was a little disgusted with what he was doing most of the time, but won at the end. It builds a lot on the idea that rich people are easy to fool so some degree, which I don't think is the came all the time.  

### Good Will Hunting [1997]
A nice and hearth comforting movie, with a not so friendly main character and a lovely but strong counter part. I like how it depicts how lonely a genius can be, and how good friends can guide someone to get out of his comfort zone tu pursuit growth. I wonder how many brilliant people decide to 'play it love', and sacrifice a life of science and research in order to stay close to what they know. 

### Sound of Metal [2019]
Once again obsession. Pushing your body to the limit to keep doing the one ting that you love? Or that you know how to do? We follow the main character going into a place where, at least i hoped, he could make peace with his new condition. And does see it and lived it for a bit, before leaving everything behind again to try to get his hearing and partner back. I really liked how at the end he could take the decision to shut up everything again. 

### Furiosa: A Mad Max Saga [2024]
Not going to lie, I don't remember most of the plot details or the characters names. But I do remember that I was glued to the screen for the duration of the movie. Evil Thor was annoying and stupid, in my opinion, but the rest of the character did an amazing job. The rhythm of the movie felt on point, and I event went to see the next movie (or previous movie?) after finishing it because I didn't had enough. 